Add a bit more guidance to the autofac upgrade guide (#5704)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/dependency-injection.md

var endpointInstance = await startableEndpoint.Start(new AutofacServiceProvider(autofacContainer));
```

With newer versions of Autofac the [ability to update an existing container](https://github.com/autofac/Autofac/issues/811) has been removed. The registration phase of the dependencies is now seperate from the resolve phase. Once a component has been resolved the container is immutable. For cases when an existing lifetime scope was passed to NServiceBus

```csharp
endpointConfiguration.UseContainer<AutofacBuilder>(
    customizations: customizations =>
    {
        customizations.ExistingLifetimeScope(container);
    });
```

> it is recommended to either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is recommended to either:
```

> - Stop building the container early and pass around the container builder to the various bootstrapping parts of the application _or_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid building the container early by passing the container builder to the various bootstrapping parts of the application _or_
```

> - Consider creating a [dedicated child lifetime scope](https://autofac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integration/netcore.html#using-a-child-scope-as-a-root)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using a [dedicated child lifetime scope](https://autofac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integration/netcore.html#using-a-child-scope-as-a-root)
```

Reviewer: Nitpick: Perhaps end with what this achieves? ( Is it to "make sure that XYZ is the root container"?)

var endpointInstance = await startableEndpoint.Start(new AutofacServiceProvider(autofacContainer));
```

With newer versions of Autofac the [ability to update an existing container](https://github.com/autofac/Autofac/issues/811) has been removed. The registration phase of the dependencies is now separate from the resolve phase. 

Once a component has been resolved the container is immutable. For cases when an existing lifetime scope was passed to NServiceBus:

```csharp
endpointConfiguration.UseContainer<AutofacBuilder>(
    customizations: customizations =>
    {
        customizations.ExistingLifetimeScope(container);
    });
```

it is recommended to either:

- Avoid building the container early by passing the container builder to the various bootstrapping parts of the application _or_

> - Using a [dedicated child lifetime scope](https://autofac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integration/netcore.html#using-a-child-scope-as-a-root)

Author: ```suggestion
- Using a [dedicated child lifetime scope](https://autofac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integration/netcore.html#using-a-child-scope-as-a-root) which allows accessing singletons of the root container while having dependencies managed by the service collection being "rooted" within the child scope. 
```
